---
title: Submission instructions
label: Submission instructions
description: Information on submitting workshop proposals for TAS '24

splash_title: Workshop submission instructions

lastmod: page

track:
  dates: workshops

menus:
  submit:
    title: Workshops
    alt: Instructions on submitting workshop proposals to TAS '24
    weight: 2
---

We invite authors to submit a proposal (maximum six pages + references) for either a half-day workshop or a full-day workshop. Workshop proposals should include a strong motivation as to what makes the topic addressed by the workshop interesting and important. Furthermore, the proposal should include a description of the workshop format (i.e., hybrid etc.) and duration, a preliminary workshop schedule, a description of the planned workshop activities, and the expected outcomes of the workshop, as well as a short biography for each author. Accepted workshops will be provided with a room for the duration of the workshop (half-day or full-day). The organising committee can help should the workshop require special equipment (e.g., speakers, projector, TV etc.)

## Key dates

{% for date in site.data.track_dates[page.track.dates] -%}
{{ date.label }}: {% if date.extended_date %}<strike>{{ date.date }}</strike> <strong>{{ date.extended_date }}</strong>{% else %}<strong>{{ date.date }}</strong>{% endif %}<br>
{%- endfor -%}

<em class="small">All deadlines are at 23:59 Anywhere on Earth</em>

## Submission process

Workshop submissions will be juried by the Programme Committee  and do not need to be anonymised. Please submit your workshop proposal by the deadline via email to [tas24workshop@gmail.com](mailto:tas24workshop@gmail.com).


## LLM Statement
We are following the ACM guidelines on the use of Large Language Models (LLMs) in authoring papers. This means that any text generation from an LLM such as ChatGPT must be clearly marked where such tools are used for purposes beyond editing the author’s own text. While we will not use tools to detect text generated by LLMs, we will investigate submissions brought to our attention and will desk reject papers where LLM use is not clearly marked. We recommend that authors read the [ACM Policy on Authorship](https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/new-acm-policy-on-authorship) and related [SIGCHI blog post](https://medium.com/sigchi/acm-publications-policy-guidance-for-sigchi-venues-87332173aad1).


## Questions?
If you have any questions, please contact the Workshops Chair (Eike Schneiders) [here](mailto:tas24workshop@gmail.com).




